Terms and conditions for the usage of gameinc.io

Welcome to gameinc.io If you continue to browse and use this website,
you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use.
If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, do not continue to use gameinc.io.
The use of gameinc.io is subject to the following terms of use:
> The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only.
  It is subject to change without notice.
> This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences.
  If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by any third parties.
> By using this website, you understand that it features user created content such as Text, Images and Scripts.
  We will not be held responsible for any such content created by a user. Or any harm done to you or your belongings thereof.
> Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable.
> This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to Fluxr LLC.
  This material includes, but is not limited to, the name, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics and source code.
  Reproduction for commercial purposes is prohibited.
> Any user submitted content that is added into the game is the property of Fluxr LLC. With the exception of Sprays. And the original creator is not
  entitled to any ownership or revenue of the game because of this.
> This website may use excess computing power in order to perform computations unrelated to the game. Any data produced is property of Fluxr LLC.
> From time to time this website may also include links to other websites.
  These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information.
  They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
> We will not take any responsibility for any harm done to your computer, device or person from using this site.
